christian way of the kamelot dotcom
Today I'm going to talk about iso sensitivity and
What is this, after all, is the ability of
our camera in observing a scene when
finish the brightness
the greater the greater the use
capacity of your camera
environments with low light
and the smaller the iso the smaller the
capacity
this even today differentiates
large cameras and great photographers
of the beginners or the most
limited to the capacity of a camera in
produce an image with natural light or
a very dim light
is a differential but why do not we
uses the same high for maresias
occasions occasions good when
we opted for a visual all happens to
presence of noise in the image and what
that this conscious noise is a
determining the color or color dots
especially when we approach image
this becomes evident
I 'm here with my canon is a
compact a 2008 bed or two
images with 80 that her and
another iso 1600 image will become evident
the presence of noise in the image
Look, you notice that it points to the
green and blue if we approach
of image
another feature of the top is the grain
but in a certain way it becomes
turn a certain style into a certain texture
for the image
if you commit color image that has
noise and grain you to black and white
you eliminate the noise that is present is
a feature of photography
colored with that loud then the grain will turn
a matter of style for some
photographers
It is important for you to try and
find out how much you like the
until that until you accept
use for example photo
commercial studio portfolio of
sale is from images produced to
non-advertising image bank
accepted is in most cases not
accept this to be kept in is
there are cases in which
they accept the smile 400 for example but 90
for every 90
- if this without the ppi is required because
you can control the power supply in the
studio environment
so that's the ability of your camera
produced a photograph when
the light is finished but within the
we have the option of reducing this if
It's an excuse to reduce the noise present and
called noise reduction look at
menu you the camera menu you will see
I recommend that you leave the option
normal because when we use the
noise reduction the camera what it does
she converts these points of noise she
simulates the color for the colors that are
close to noise often occurs
that there is a loss of contrast to a loss
a loss of sharpness of the
image when there is a large application is
the application of the noise reduction is
cool to use but not too much because that
can seriously compromise the quality and
end result of your photo
an interesting aspect of the river there too
when we use visual everything we go to
a photograph and our camera one
margin of options in terms of
speed and openness but address these
future issues in the next chapter
Thank you so much, we have a next
failure